---
title: Om mig
---

I'm Kenny Tran, a seasoned developer with a passion for crafting
innovative and scalable solutions. With over three years of experience
in the dynamic realm of full-stack development, I thrive on the
excitement of building something new and tackling fresh challenges
head-on.

In my professional journey, I've collaborated closely with diverse
teams, from product owners to graphic designers, translating intricate
product strategies into tangible, sustainable solutions. Whether it's
developing modern websites for international clients or architecting
robust SaaS platforms like Bostadsval for real estate listings, I've
consistently strived for excellence in every project I undertake.

Outside of the tech realm, I'm fluent in both English and Swedish, and I
cherish moments spent connecting with others on a personal level.
Whether it's mentoring junior colleagues, coordinating integrations
between programs, or simply engaging in meaningful conversations, I
believe in fostering strong relationships built on trust, respect, and
collaboration.

I'm excited about the opportunity to connect with like-minded
individuals who share my enthusiasm for innovation and growth, whether
it's in the professional arena or beyond. If you're interested in
exploring potential collaborations, discussing tech trends, or simply
grabbing a coffee and exchanging ideas, feel free to reach out! I'm
always up for a stimulating conversation or an exciting coding
challenge.
